# MedicalApplication
The project will have many functions, all of them separated based on the type of user currently using the software. Nurses will have the ability to take a patient’s vitals, including their weight, height, body temperature, and blood pressure if the patient is over 12. The nurse will also have the ability to input any previous health issues or concerns to be saved in a patient’s profile. Then, the nurse is able to see the patient’s health history with information such as past health issues, previous prescribed medications, and immunization history. Once the nurse leaves, the doctor also has a unique set of menus they can access. The doctor can input the results of any initial physical test into a patient profile. Any prescribed medicine the doctor curates is entered into the system and sent to the patient’s pharmacy. Similarly to what the nurse is capable of seeing, the doctor can also view a patient’s previous records, including past health issues, previously prescribed medications, and immunization history. The doctor will also have the ability to edit past information if discovered to be inaccurate. The patient portion of the software will have the ability to create a new profile with information including first and last names, birthday, and contact information. It is a combination of the previously entered first and last names with birthdays that make up an eight-digit ID that identifies the patient profile. Furthermore, a patient is able to see the summaries of previous visits. The patient is capable of sending messages to their doctor or nurse for specific health related questions. Upon seeing a patient’s message, a doctor or nurse can send a reply via external email or within the patient portal. If a doctor or nurse judges a reply to be urgent, they can resort to calling a patient via phone if necessary. This phone number should be added into the system upon creating a new profile.
